Marketing review updates: (#8639)
magento/devdocs: src/marketplace/sellers/marketing-review-guidelines.md

We have made an investment in the presentation of Magento Marketplace. In return, we ask that you put forth an effort to present your solutions in a professional manner. If we see room for improvement, we’ll reach out to you before listing your extension on Magento Marketplace.

*  Your product must have a professional presentation with clear descriptions, images, and screenshots.
*  The product name must indicate the purpose of the extension or theme.
*  The product description must be well-written and provide an overview of the features and benefits.
*  Use only high-quality screenshots, images, and video to accompany the listing.

## Extension title

The extension title should fulfill the following guidelines:

*  Choose a title that is descriptive and concise. The extension title can be up to five words in length and must be in English.
*  Do not include the version number, developer name, or any reference to Magento in the title.
   *  Do not use _Magento_ or _M2_.

> *  Do not include the words _"Extension"_, _"Module"_ or _"Plugin"_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Do not include the words _Extension_, _Module_ or _Plugin_.
```

   *  The words, _Connector_ and _Integration_ can be used if applicable.
*  Use _&_ instead of _And_, such as in _Order & Save_ (not _Order and Save_).
* Capitalize the first letter of each word, such as _Mass Order Export_ (not _Mass order export_).
   *  Do not use all capital letters.

> *  Do not use punctuation unless it’s part of the actual company name. (_"InstantSearch+"_, _"Yahoo!"_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Do not use punctuation unless it’s part of the actual company name, such as _InstantSearch+_ or _Yahoo!_.
```

>    *  _"/"_ and _"-"_ are acceptable in certain circumstances. (_"Two-Factor"_, _"Import / Export"_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  _/_ and _-_ are acceptable in certain circumstances, such as for _Two-Factor_ or _Import / Export_.
```

*  Do not add underscores between words in the package name, such as (_Extension_Title_).
*  Do not use the Developer Name in the title, such as _Print Order PDF_ (not _Fooman Print Order PDF_).
   *  If the developer is the same name as the service being integrated, you may use the develop name in the title. For instance, if Visa submits an integration, they should include _Visa_ since it’s the name of the service.
*  You can add the Magento version, such as 2.3, if two separate extensions must be on the store.

## Extension icon

The extension icon should fulfill the following guidelines:

*  The extension icon must reflect the extension with words and/or images. Text is not required, but an extension title can be added to the icon.
   *  If the extension title is added to the icon, it should exactly match the extension title.
   *  No slogans or features.
*  Do not use _Magento_ or _M2_.
*  Do not use the Magento Logo.
*  Do not use the developer logo instead of the extension icon.
*  Do not specify the extension version.
*  Limit the use of the word _Pro_.
*  Less is more. Avoid minute detail that is hard to understand.

> *  For 1st party companies, we recommend using the same image you use on Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  For first-party companies, we recommend using the same image you use on Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.
```

## Long description

For guides and examples of long descriptions, see [Product Descriptions]({{ site.baseurl }}/marketplace/sellers/product-descriptions.html).

## User guide, reference manual, or installation guide

Extension documentation should fulfill the following guidelines:

*  Must cover all features of the extension.
*  Must not direct users to make purchases on sites other than Marketplace.
*  If an extension title is added into the documentation, it must not include _Magento_. Use _For Magento_ after the title if needed.
*  Use of the Magento logo is prohibited. To learn more, see our [branding guidelines]({{ site.baseurl }}/marketplace/sellers/branding.html).
   *  Partners can use their Magento partner badge.
*  At least one piece of uploaded documentation must be in English.
*  Do not upload duplicates of the documents.

## Pricing: Provide clear pricing information

The price of your extension is included as part of the marketing information. To learn more, see [Enter Pricing Information]({{ site.baseurl }}/marketplace/sellers/submit-for-marketing-review.html).

> *  Items listed on thr Magento Marketplace can be offered for free or sold as commercial products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  Items listed on the Magento Marketplace can be offered for free or sold as commercial products.
```

We have made an investment in the presentation of Magento Marketplace. In return, we ask that you put forth an effort to present your solutions in a professional manner. If we see room for improvement, we’ll reach out to you before listing your extension on Magento Marketplace.

*  Your product must have a professional presentation with clear descriptions, images, and screenshots.

> *  The product name should indicate the purpose of the extension or theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  The product name must indicate the purpose of the extension or theme.
```

> *  The product description should be well-written, and provide an overview of the features and benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  The product description must be well-written and provide an overview of the features and benefits.
```

*  Use only high-quality screenshots, images, and video to accompany the listing.

## Extension title

The extension title should fulfill the following guidelines:

> *  Choose a title that is descriptive and concise. The extension title can be up to five words long and must be in English.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Choose a title that is descriptive and concise. The extension title can be up to five words in length and must be in English.
```

*  Do not include the version number, developer name, or any reference to Magento in the title.

>    *  Do not use _"Magento"_ or _"M2"_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  Do not use _Magento_ or _M2_.
```

> *  Do not include the words _"Extension"_, _"Module"_ or _"Plugin"_.

Reviewer: I would suggest in this and the following bulleted items that you either use italics or quotations (I suggest italics) and not both.

Reviewer: Please check all bulleted items for formatting and complete sentences.

Reviewer: You didn't apply changes per my comment above, so I've done the work for you and added the suggestions for you to commit.

I will be requesting a review from @dobooth as well before merging.

>    *  However, the words, _"Connector"_ and _"Integration"_ can be used if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  The words, _Connector_ and _Integration_ can be used if applicable.
```

> *  Use _"&"_, instead of _"And"_. (_"Order & Save"_, not _"Order and Save"_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Use _&_ instead of _And_, such as in _Order & Save_ (not _Order and Save_).
```

> *  First letter of each word capitalized. (_"Mass Order Export"_, not _"Mass order export"_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Capitalize the first letter of each word, such as _Mass Order Export_ (not _Mass order export_).
```

>    *  Do not use All Caps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  Do not use all capital letters.
```

> *  No punctuation unless it’s part of the actual company name. (_"InstantSearch+"_, _"Yahoo!"_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Do not use punctuation unless it’s part of the actual company name. (_"InstantSearch+"_, _"Yahoo!"_)
```

   *  _"/"_ and _"-"_ are acceptable in certain circumstances. (_"Two-Factor"_, _"Import / Export"_)

> *  Not formatted like package name with underscores between words. (_"Extension_Title"_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Do not add underscores between words in the package name, such as (_Extension_Title_).
```

> *  No Developer Name in the title. (_"Print Order PDF"_, not _"Fooman Print Order PDF"_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Do not use the Developer Name in the title, such as _Print Order PDF_ (not _Fooman Print Order PDF_).
```

>    *  EXCEPTION: Integration. If the developer is the same name as the service being integrated. For instance, if Visa submits an integration, they SHOULD include _"Visa"_ since it’s the name of the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  If the developer is the same name as the service being integrated, you may use the develop name in the title. For instance, if Visa submits an integration, they should include _Visa_ since it’s the name of the service.
```

> *  Allowed to add Magento version _"(2.3)"_ if two separate extensions must be on the store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  You can add the Magento version, such as 2.3, if two separate extensions must be on the store.
```

Reviewer: On the store? Or in the store? Check phrasing.

## Extension icon

The extension icon should fulfill the following guidelines:

> *  The extension icon must reflect the extension with words and/or images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  The extension icon must reflect the extension with words and/or images. Text is not required, but an extension title can be added to the icon.
```

>    Text is not required, but an extension title can be added to the icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    *  If the extension title added to the icon, it should exactly match the extension title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  If the extension title is added to the icon, it should exactly match the extension title.
```

   *  No slogans or features.

> *  Do not use _"Magento"_ or _"M2"_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Do not use _Magento_ or _M2_.
```

> *  Do not use Magento Logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Do not use the Magento Logo.
```

> *  Do not use the developer logo here instead of the extension icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Do not use the developer logo instead of the extension icon.
```

*  Do not specify the extension version.

> *  Limited use of _"Pro"_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Limit the use of the word _Pro_.
```

> *  Less is more. Tiny, intricate details are not easy to make out, try to avoid them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Less is more. Avoid minute detail that is hard to understand.
```

> *  For the 1st party companies, we recommend using the same image, as you are using on Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  For 1st party companies, we recommend using the same image you use on Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.
```

## Long description

For guides and examples of long descriptions, see [Product Descriptions]({{ site.baseurl }}/marketplace/sellers/product-descriptions.html).

> ## User guide, reference manual or installation guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User guide, reference manual, or installation guide
```

Extension documentation should fulfill the following guidelines:

> *  Extension documentation must cover all features of the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Must cover all features of the extension.
```

> *  Extension documentation must not direct users to make purchases on sites other than Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Must not direct users to make purchases on sites other than Marketplace.
```

> *  If an extension title added into documentation, it must not include _"Magento"_ in it. Use _"For Magento"_ after the title, if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  If an extension title is added into the documentation, it must not include _Magento_. Use _For Magento_ after the title if needed.
```

*  Use of the Magento logo is prohibited. To learn more, see our [branding guidelines]({{ site.baseurl }}/marketplace/sellers/branding.html).
   *  Partners can use their Magento partner badge.

> *  At least one piece of uploaded documentation must be in English

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  At least one piece of uploaded documentation must be in English.
```

*  Do not upload duplicates of the documents.

## Pricing: Provide clear pricing information

The price of your extension is included as part of the marketing information. To learn more, see [Enter Pricing Information]({{ site.baseurl }}/marketplace/sellers/submit-for-marketing-review.html).

> *  Items listed on Magento Marketplace can be offered for free, or sold as a commercial products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Items listed on thr Magento Marketplace can be offered for free or sold as commercial products.
```

> *  The price of items offered for sale on Magento Marketplace can range anywhere from $25.00 to $999,999.00, and must reflect fair market value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  The price of items offered for sale on the Magento Marketplace can range anywhere from $25.00 to $999,999.00, and must reflect fair market value.
```

*  All purchases are paid for in US currency.

> *  Items sold on Magento Marketplace are subject to a revenue sharing fee that is paid by the developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Items sold on the Magento Marketplace are subject to a revenue-sharing fee that is paid by the developer.
```

> *  Any additional fees or subscription pricing — including fees charged by a third-party company for integrated services — must be included in the opening paragraph of the Long Description with bold formatting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Any additional fees or subscription pricing—including fees charged by a third-party company for integrated services—must be included in the opening paragraph of the Long Description with bold formatting.
```

Reviewer: You use "third-party" here but "1st party" higher up in the doc. Pick one convention and use the same for both instances.

> *  Magento recommends the following extension pricing:<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Magento recommends $99 for Open Source and $199 for Commerce extension pricing.
```

>    Open Source - $99<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    Commerce - $199

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
